It seems today that all you see
Is violence in movies and sex on TV
But where are those
good old-fashioned values
On which we used to rely?
Lucky there's a family guy
Lucky there's a man who
positively can do
All the things that make us
Laugh and cry
He's a family guy
We now return to
Sesame Street. Now on HBO.
Oh, hi, you guys, how was school?
Honestly, Mom, today was kind of weird.
Every kid in school had to write
a list of five reasons
Principal Shepherd is cool,
and then have their parents sign it.
What? That seems crazy!
One time I saw him pee in a urinal
with his hands on his hips.
That's pretty boss.
Why would the principal
make all the students do that?
I don't know.
I think he's going through a tough time.
He's in the middle of a bad divorce.
What? How do you know that?
He's actually been pretty open about it.
Good morning, students. Today, at 3:30,
James Woods High will be hosting
a cross-country meet.
Which also happens to be where Lorraine
has threatened to take my children,
across the country.
And here's today's Tuesday Trivia
question.
Does this sound like yelling?
Because, apparently, this sounds
to some people like yelling.
All right, finally. Some peace and quiet,
so I can buckle down
and get some writing done.
- Hey, Bonnie.
- What?
Listen to this.
Say "It's all been a pack of lies."
What? Why?
Just do it.
Just say "It's all been a pack of lies."
It's all been a pack of lies.
That sounded really good!
Thanks, babe. Do you know
what that song is about?
Phil Collins watching some guy
watch another guy drown.
And then, the next night,
he invited the watching guy
to be in the front row of his concert
so he could sing it right to him
and then could arrest the guy.
Really? Why wouldn't he have
just helped the guy who was drowning?
I don't know. I think it was
on a bridge or something, like,
he could see it, but,
he couldn't get there in time.
But he let a whole day pass?
Why didn't he call the cops?
'Cause he was busy writing the song.
Wait. If he just watched,
doesn't that also make him a
little guilty?
Look, I'm not saying we wouldn't
bring Phil Collins in for questioning.
I feel like maybe
this story is bogus!
Now, hang on. Let me check Snopes.
- Yeah, none of that happened.
Hey, what's up?
Well, I'm trying to work on a sequel
to The Old Man and the Sea.
Are you... Are you allowed to do that?
But I can't get anything done.
It's so damn loud around here.
Oh, yeah, that's what Hemingway
used to complain about.
"This Spanish Civil War is just too loud!
"How am I supposed to get anything done?"
No, I mean, it might sound silly, but,
I used to daydream that by now
I would have my own place
by a lake somewhere.
An oasis where I could go to write.
Pay the bills by renting out the rooms.
Like a B and B? That could be fun.
What? What are you talking about?
I'm talking about you and me
opening a B and B!
Are you serious? That'd be great!
- Sure, it will be fun.
- All right, let's give it a try.
Can't be any worse that when I was
on the Night's Watch.
Hey, guys, you all want to say
the oath again?
For the Watch.
For the Watch!
- For the Watch.
- Hi, Brian.
I'm the boring storyline of the fat guy
that's watching that girl.
- And I'm Ballers!
- Ow!
I totally get it. You're right to do this.
Well, well, if it isn't Meg Griffin.
Leave me alone, you guys.
Relax. We're taking the day off
from bullying.
Oh. Thank God.
Very funny.
Who put the Ark of the Covenant in here?
Meg is so stupid.
She couldn't handle the glory
of God's love.
Students, faculty and staff
of James Woods High.
Does anyone know how to push down
the backseat of a Highlander?
I know I can make a bed in there.
I just don't know how.
Oh, my God,
Principal Shepherd, what's wrong?
I just listened to two hours
of butt-dialed sex
between my wife and the ADT alarm guy.
Why didn't you just hang up?
Because I miss the sound of her voice!
Oh, my God!
Principal Shepherd,
your wife is on the line.
She says...
"Oh, God! Harder!"
Man, I still can't get over
how perfect this place is.
I know. It's going to be
such a darling B and B.
I got the boiler up and running,
Mr. Griffin.
Well, we don't have a boiler,
but I can't wait to see
what you've done in the cellar.
Also, please rub the "H" and the "C"
off all the knobs,
so people won't know
what the hell is going on.
I want the first four minutes
of every shower
to be confusion and anger.
Welcome, members of our
school community.
Let's call to order this emergency meeting
of the school board,
regarding Principal Shepherd's meltdown.
I know a number of our students
have felt...
"Traumatized" by the events of this week.
And we take those concerns very seriously.
- Lois, I'm done with my gum.
- I don't want it.
- But I'm done with it!
- Peter, shh!
I'll take it.
So, due to his erratic behavior,
we have placed Principal Shepherd
on indefinite paid leave.
Typically, Vice Principal Maguire
would step in.
However, I was informed earlier today
that she was found dead in her car.
Therefore, the board is seeking
a parent volunteer
to serve as interim principal
until a permanent replacement
can be found.
Lois, maybe I should do it.
I've always wanted a job
where I can let my dandruff go wild.
What? No way! I'm not having my dad
be the principal.
How embarrassing!
Yeah, no offense, Peter, but I don't know
if you should be running a school.
What are you talking about?
I'm a natural leader.
That's why I'm so good
at leading "Simon Says."
Simon says "leave the band."
Yeah, I don't know.
You know what? You guys are wrong
and I'm going to prove it to you.
Again, any volunteers?
I'll be your new principal.
Wonderful. Why don't you
come on up and introduce yourself?
All right. James Woods High cheerleaders,
give me a hand.
Check him out
Check, check him out
- My name is Peter
- Check
- That ain't no lie
I go pop, pop, fizz, fizz
Oh, how sweet it is
Check, check
I'm done with this gum now.
- I don't want it.
- But I'm done with it.
Mom, why was this Listerine
in the garbage?
Oh, your father says
he doesn't need it anymore,
now that he's a high school principal.
Oh, my God!
He's not really doing that, is he?
I'm only going to get bullied worse now!
Hello, Breakfast Club.
As the principal, I like to start
each morning with a reference
from last century.
Dad, I don't want you to do this!
Too late. I've already been practicing
giving students
awkward and uncoordinated high fives.
Chris, if I may.
Yay! Two fingers inside of the palm
contact!
- Perfect!
- All right, I got to get to work
by 7:40 because that's when
high school starts for some reason.
See you at the way-too-early 10:40 lunch.
I feel you, Meg.
- Shut up.
- You shut up!
Wow. Look at us. Running a B and B.
Yes, so far, all the guests seem
very happy.
Hi, we're checking out.
Just charge my card.
That's weird. That's the fifth couple
to check out after only an hour.
Hi, we'd like a room, please.
Wait, I'm sorry. Weren't you just here
a moment ago with a different man?
Oh, crap!
Stewie, we have a problem.
The only people checking in are here
to have sex with prostitutes.
What? Nonsense!
Then why are they all signing
the guest book and writing
great things like
"Railed Crystal good"?
Oh...
Damn it, this is awful.
How could I have not noticed sooner?
I mean, it's more obvious
than when George Takei was in the closet.
Hey, George, how are you?
I'm heterosexual.
I love vaginas.
Yum, yum, yum...
So, what are you doing tonight?
Hopefully, choking on some vagina.
Oh, nubbers!
All right, that sounds fun. See you later.
I'm a heterosexual.
Good morning, children.
I am your interim principal, Mr. Griffin.
And to show I'm a fun principal,
I'm going to do the Ice Bucket Challenge.
Three years too late,
but right on time for a principal
and making no less sense
than it did when it was current.
You're welcome,
person who is probably already dead.
But, hey!
Now I've got something even more fun.
How about we all do
an expertly choreographed lip-dub
to a popular song?
This hit, that ice cold
Michelle Pfeiffer, that white gold
This one for them hood girls
Them good girls straight masterpieces
Stylin', whilen, livin' it up in the city
- I'm too hot
- Hot damn
Call the police and a fireman
Ladies, this is my associate.
Brian, bitches. Bitches, Brian.
What? What's all this?
This, Brian, is called "diversification."
You see, if our guests insist
on bringing prostitutes
into our B and B,
we might as well provide the women, too.
What? Stewie,
we're not going to become pimps.
- Are you sure?
- I'm sure.
The answer is no, so, don't bother
flashing a wad of money
because there's no way I'm going to
change my answer in the middle
of this sentence... Okay, maybe we can
try it out and see how it goes.
Hey, what are you girls doing
standing around? Get to work.
I'm telling you, that dog is
very easily persuaded.
Now, let's see what's going on
at the old high school.
Ooh... Ooh...
Hey, guys, guys.
When Borat was making announcements
over the P.A. this morning,
that was me.
What? Shut the front door!
Taco Tuesday is nice.
Knock it off! Give me back my lunch.
What have we got here?
Grape juice in a Ziploc bag?
I have to make my own Capri Suns.
Hey, stupid. What the hell are you doing?
That's my daughter.
Yeah? What are you going to do about it?
What am I going to do about it?
I'll knock your teeth down your throat
- and out your butt, you little bastard.
Oh, you think that's funny?
Him spilling juice all over the floor?
This is going to make
people's sneakers sticky.
And then we're going to have to
listen to... All day!
Well, I won't have it.
Get on your knees and lick that up.
What? Are you serious?
Yeah, I'm serious. I'm the principal.
Oh, my God, I'm so embarrassed.
What are you talking about? That jerk
is finally getting what he deserves.
Yeah, Meg.
Now that your dad is the principal,
you could finally have power
over the bullies.
Now, you little punks get to class.
And if you see Ms. Millikin,
tell her I said, "Hey, what's up?"
Huh. Maybe you're right.
Wow, Dad, that was really something.
- Ms. Millikin is just a friend.
- Oh, I don't mean that.
I mean the way you handled those guys
that were picking on me.
Really? I felt like I kind of lost
my cool there.
Not at all!
That's what you've got to do more of.
- You were like a real principal there.
- I was?
Yeah. In fact,
if you're going to lead this school,
you've got to know
that kids need discipline.
Especially kids like them.
And their friends Jeremy and Bridget.
Oh, really? Where might I find
this Jeremy and Bridget?
I don't know. Study Hall, second floor.
All right, listen up, maggots. Fun's over.
There's going to be some changes
around here.
And what better way to show you
I'm serious
than to smash a desk with a baseball bat.
Ow!
Argh!
Okay, we'll pick this up on Monday.
Do any of you know my wife, Lois?
Tell her I'm on the bats and to come
get me. She'll know what it means.
Let's go. Keep it moving. Get to class.
Hey, you! You salute that flag
when you walk by, kid.
Loads of people fought for that thing,
including yours truly.
You were in the Service?
I may have misunderstood what
"yours truly" means.
Hey, Dad, listen.
The four of us got together last night
and we came up with a list
of 11 students and two teachers
that you need to do something about.
- Maybe you should start with Mark Relich.
- Why? What did he do?
He wouldn't kiss Ruth
at the Sadie Hawkins' Dance,
even though she bought him dinner before
at Walt's Roast Beef.
- I don't see how that's got anything...
- And he called you fat.
- Oh, I'm going to squish him!
- That's right.
Don't take any crap from anyone.
Well, I won't. I'm going to take down
all these punks,
just like I did in my 1980's crime series,
Hockey Cop.
- Give me that purse.
Hey, criminals.
Puck you!
Get the puck out of my neighborhood.
- Go puck yourself.
Uh-oh. Here come the real cops.
Hockey cop, not a cop.
All right, ladies, I'm going to put this
as gently as I can.
But it appears that someone's rectum
fell out on the stairs.
Now, whose is it? Be honest.
All right, that's fine,
but let's just agree on a rule
that if your rectum falls out
on the stairs,
it's on you to pick it up.
Look at that, Brian.
Our day has just begun
and there's a line out the door.
I know. We're raking it in.
This is a hell of a lot easier than
when I delivered pizza in New Orleans.
What the hell?
We're all just blocking the street
Come on, I got to deliver this pizza.
Five trumpets do the job of one
We're all just blocking the street
I need to be there in 30 minutes.
It's a company promise.
Half a band is a limber band
We're all just blocking the street
Oh, thank God!
One of us dropped a contact lens
We're going back to block the street
Ah, screw it.
We won't stop blocking the street
Never stop blocking the street
Okay, so I think Lee Blanding
gets detention.
And, for Jason O'Neil,
maybe you could pants him
during an assembly.
Yes, good, I like that.
Oh, hi, you two. What are you working on?
Nothing. I, um... I'm just helping Dad
with his schedule for tomorrow.
You know, he's really doing a great job.
He's actually made the school
a lot better.
Huh. Well, I got to admit,
I was skeptical,
but it sounds like things are
going pretty well down there.
You bet they are.
- They'll go even better after the Purge.
- The what?
Hey, Meg. How about one of these?
One of them things, yeah?
Peter, what the hell are you doing?
Uh... He's just saying
he wants to use his key
to drive me to school tomorrow in his car.
Peter, what exactly are you doing
down at that school?
I'll tell you what I'm doing.
I'm doing a great job.
Like when I was a pro football kicker.
Yay! Now I can fist bump with black guys.
- Nailed it, Peter.
- There you go.
Yeah, we're going to the club tonight?
- Not you.
- Okay!
Hey, Brian, what's a splat job?
I don't know, Stewie.
I'm worried that you're seeing too much.
Good morning, ladies.
Were the paramedics
able to resuscitate Lamar Odom?
They're still working on it.
He's tall, get it?
Okay, show's over. Everybody back to work.
Yeah, about that. We gotta talk.
Oh, uh, sure. What's up?
We just realized we can keep
all the money,
take your house and kill you
if you try to do anything about it.
All right. We're just going to step
outside and figure out a counter.
- And they locked us out.
What about my loaf
of cinnamon-raisin bread?
It's mine! It's not for the whole house.
- Let's just go. They won.
Oh, we'll see about that.
Hello. I'd like to report a brothel
operating on Route Six
near Round Hill Road.
Thank you.
You want to eat mangled raisin bread
across the street
and watch the cops raid the place?
Yeah, I'd like that.
Oh, here comes the UPS guy.
Oh, I bet he's delivering
those marmalade jars we ordered.
Doesn't that feel like a million years
ago?
Yeah, we don't need those anymore.
Sorry, just send them back.
You can just do that?
Oh, yeah, you can just refuse delivery.
You've never done that?
I... I genuinely did not know
you could do that.
Well, you can.
Anything you order, if you don't
sign for it, it has to go back.
Everyone does it.
Most of what America is now
is just boxes going back and forth.
Students, this is a chair without a seat.
Jeff Banfield, I'd like you to please
come down here,
take your pants off and sit.
- Me? What did I do?
- You know what you did, Jeff!
I don't even know what's going on!
Just go, Jeff, or he'll start hitting
that trash can with a spoon again.
That means now, Mr. Banfield.
What is going on here?
Just a little of the three Rs.
Reading, 'riting and rucking
this guy's sack.
The School Board received
a very serious complaint.
Mr. Griffin,
you are hereby relieved of your duties.
- A promotion?
- No, you're fired.
We've re-instated Principal Shepherd.
Wait, he's back?
But he had that crazy meltdown
about his divorce.
Yes, but then I went on a sex trip
to Thailand
and I banged all the goofy right
out of me.
Wait, Dad is fired? Who did this?
Who turned him in?
I did.
- Hi, Mrs. Griffin!
- Hi.
Hi, Patty.
Why, Mom?
Because what you and your father
have been doing is wrong!
We'll talk about this at home.
Well, I guess your mom was
right all along.
I had no business running a school.
Can I be honest with you, Dad?
I thought you were awesome!
You stood up for all the kids
who get picked on.
You stood up for me!
Wow, so, you think I did a good job
being principal?
No. You did a good job being my dad.
Come on, Meg, let's go home.
And next time I want to get back
at your bullies,
I'll do it the old fashioned way.
As a grown man beating up teenagers
in a parking lot.
I'm planning on dying tonight.
What are your plans?